Fletchling.
[humming]
Fletchling! Wake up Serena
for me, won't you?
Of course I already tried once
but, as usual,
once is never enough!
[chirping]
[bell ringing]
[screaming]
Good! Looks like
we're all ready!
[chirping]
[grunting]
I've told you a million times
not to wake me up like that!
[chirping]
[grunting]
(Grace)
'Serena!
Time for morning training!'
Right.
[sighs]
Not again!
Morning, Rhyhorn!
[growling]
Um. Ah.
[chirping]
Hope today's interesting.
[chuckling]
(narrator)
The Kalos region!
Like the other regions,
a beautiful place
where people
and Pokemon live in harmony
reflecting each other's
thoughts and feelings.
When people smile,
Pokemon smile
and when Pokemon cry, you'll
find that people cry as well.
And here, a certain
young man is about to arrive
a young man seeking
new dreams and new adventures.
Yeah, we'll be
on the ground soon.
Ash, you and Pikachu
must be really excited.
We're starting
a brand new adventure.
There's nothing more exciting
to a Pokemon Trainer.
Pikachu.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokemon gotta catch 'em all
it's you and me ♪
♪ Pokemon I know
it's my destiny ♪
♪ Pokemon oh you're
my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokemon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
(narrator)
Kalos, where dreams
and adventures begin!
[tire screeching]
Pikachu! Pika!
Hey Kalos region!
Ash from Pallet Town
is finally here.
[Pikachu screaming]
What's with all the yelling?
Just saying hiya
to the Kalos region.
And as soon as I walk down these
steps, we'll finally be here.
Pikachu.
[chirping]
Never seen those Pokemon before.
[grunting]
[crashing]
‐ Pikachu.
‐ Are you alright?
Pika, pi..
[grunting]
Yeah, I'm okay.
Alexa, who are those Pokemon?
(Alexa)
'Oh, those are Spritzee.'
(Ash)
'Spritzee. Awesome.'
[chuckling]
A typical Twerp entrance.
And with Pikachu, too.
Then it's all in place.
Let's get to work.
[wailing]
(Ash)
'First thing I want to do
is have a gym battle.'
‐ 'Just a minute!'
‐ Huh?
So where do you plan
to go for a Gym battle?
Oh, that's an easy one.
Your younger sister's
a gym leader, right?
At her Gym.
Wait. I'm sorry
to disappoint you.
but, her Gym
isn't here in Lumiose City.
I'm afraid it's located in
Santalune City.
What? What do I do now?
Hold on. I'll go and give her
a call right away.
I'll see you in the lobby.
Thanks.
Pikawee.
I wanna see if there
are any other Pokemon around.
Huh?
Oh.
‐ Hey, Pikachu. See that?
‐ Piku.
Oh yeah!
[yawning]
Helioptile, we just saw
the coolest thing.
Where did Alexa go?
[purring]
(Ash)
'Alexa.'
What's with
all the excitement?
We just got a look
at another new Pokemon.
It was so amazing.
It made this jump
and flew right over our heads.
I see, I guarantee
you're going to meet
lots and lots
of new Pokemon.
So cool! I'm glad we're finally
in the Kalos region!
I can't wait to win
that Gym battle, too.
Uh, you see,
I managed to get through
to that sister of mine
and she let me know she's away
from her Gym right now.
She's away?
So when is she
gonna be back?
Once my sister
goes on a trip
she's usually away
for quite awhile.
Oh man.
‐ Pika.
‐ Huh.
Sorry Ash, I know
you must be disappointed
after coming all this way.
Aw, no way!
This is bad!
I want to win
the league this time
and I wanna become
a Pokemon Master!
I know, why don't you channel
that energy into challenging
the Gym here in Lumiose City?
So there's a Gym
in this city, too?
(Alexa)
'See? It's right there.'
The Lumiose Gym is located
just inside of Prism Tower.
Prism Tower, got it.
We'll just have our first battle
here in Lumiose City!
I'm afraid this is where
we'll have to part ways.
Are you gonna be alright?
‐ Yeah, we'll be just fine.
‐ That's great.
Well then, once again,
welcome to the Kalos region.
You've really been a big help.
Thanks a lot.
No, thank you.
It's been great fun.
Yeah...it sure has.
See you later, Alexa.
Right. See you.
Alright! Pikachu let's go!
[chuckles]
So much energy.
Go get 'em, Ash!
[laughing]
Yeah!
Check it out.
Another new Pokemon.
Oh wow, Pikachu,
this city's gigantic.
[panting]
Look at all the new Pokemon.
Woah!
Huh, never seen
that before either.
Look, Pikachu, Ampharos.
Wow, and Medicham.
There are Pokemon
we know.
Pikachu.
[gasps]
Wow, Pikachu.
That's Prism Tower,
I'm sure of it.
That's where our first Gym is.
Pika.
Uh, yes, this is it,
the Lumiose Gym.
Pika.
Our new challenge is just
beginning, right Pikachu?
So, let's move.
Pika.
Boy oh boy! I'm so psyched!
Anybody here?
(Clembot)
'Welcome to the Lumiose Gym.'
My name is Ash
and I've come all the way
from Pallet Town
in the Kanto region.
I wanna have
a Gym battle, please!
(Clembot)
'How many badges do you have?'
Badges? This's the very first
Gym I'm challenging here
so I haven't won any yet.
'You have none?
Not a single Gym badge?'
'In order to challenge
the Lumiose Gym'
'you must have accumulated
at least four Gym badges.'
[gasps]
Hey, give me a break.
Wait a minute!
[screaming]
Huh, oh no no.
I'm gonna try
to catch that boy!
(Bonnie)
'I'll get Pikachu!'
[screaming]
Right, let's go.
Woah!
I've got you Pikachu.
[chuckling]
Are you alright?
Yeah. I'm okay.
Thanks to you.
Take a look at this, Clemont.
A Pikachu. And what a cutie.
[all gasp]
‐ Bonnie, no!
‐ Hey!
[grunting]
[laughing]
I'm really sorry
about my sister.
Hey, don't worry about it.
Bonnie, you apologize too.
I just wanted to give Pikachu
a hug 'cause it's so cute.
Hm.
But did Pikachu like it?
Um.
Alright, I'm really sorry,
Pikachu.
Everything's okay now.
Pikachu was just
a little surprised.
Pika‐pika.
But I still haven't
thanked you yet.
I really appreciate
that you saved Pikachu.
Pika‐pika.
[chuckles]
You're very welcome!
What a weird Gym.
What's up with that?
You got kicked out, right?
(Ash)
'Right, and after coming
all this way.'
'Some Gym Leader.'
Yeah, he's something, alright.
The Gym Leader
of the Lumiose Gym
is this really
super‐duper strong person.
So, they asked you how many
badges you have, right?
That's right.
But when I told them I didn't
have any, I got zapped, bad!
[gasping]
You don't have
any badges?
You see, I just arrived
in the Kalos region.
This's the first Gym
I've been to!
Pardon me but,
where are you from?
I'm from Pallet Town in Kanto
and my name is Ash.
This is Pikachu, and my buddy
and I are on a journey together
so I can become
a Pokemon Master.
Pika‐pikachu!
(narrator)
Who's that Pokemon?
It's Spritzee!
(Clemont)
'And now it's time
for us to introduce ourselves.'
My name's Clemont, and this
is my little sister, Bonnie.
Nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you, Clemont.
Bonnie.
Pike‐pika.
You and your Pikachu
look like such good friends.
If you weren't,
Pikachu wouldn't be sitting
'on your head like that!'
Yeah, we've known
each other for a long time.
Pikachu.
Actually, Pikachu was the first
Pokemon I ever got.
We're continuing our journey
and looking
for more Gym Battles!
So are you and Bonnie
on a journey too?
Journey? Well, you see..
That's something we'll be doing
sometime in the future!
A family adventure sounds great.
After all, I don't have any
brothers of sisters.
But you've got your special
friend Pikachu instead.
Bonnie's a little bit too young
to have any Pokemon yet
so she's really impressed when
she meets someone who does.
I know just what it's like.
I could hardly wait to grow up
and become a Pokemon Trainer.
You totally understand
how I feel.
So, what kind of Pokemon
do you have, Clemont?
Hmm. Okay, here's a Pokemon
that I recently caught
Oh please, can I see it?
Then, let's battle!
Battle for real?
Yeah! If I can't have
a Gym battle
I'd like to have my first battle
in the Kalos region with you.
What do you say, Clemont?
Let's do it! It'll be a great
test of strength!
Okay. You're on!
Alright, Bunnelby, come on out
and let's have a battle!
‐ Bunnelby.
‐ Awesome.
I've never seen
that Pokémon before!
Pika‐pika.
Pikachu, let's give it our all!
Pikachu.
Hm.
Lots of luck to both teams! Yay!
Now, Bunnelby, this will be
our very first battle.
Just relax,
and you'll do great.
Okay, Pikachu! Use Thunderbolt!
Ah!
Now, Bunnelby, use your ears
to stir up the sand.
Bunnelby.
[explosion]
Yes, Bunnelby is a normal‐type
Pokemon,
but it's more
than prepared to deal with
any electric‐type moves.
Huh, Bunnelby's really strong!
Pika.
So now it's our turn.
Bunnelby, dig!
Bunnelby.
Take off, Pikachu.
'Don't let them know
where you are.'
Trying to use speed to confuse
us, eh? Well, it won't work!
Now, go!
[grunting]
No!
‐ You okay, Pikachu?
‐ Pi.. Pika‐pika!
Yeah, okay, that's the spirit.
Alright, Pikachu,
use Quick Attack!
[grunting]
Double Slap, let's go!
Look at Bunnelby's ears.
They're just like hands.
[grunting]
Pretty neat, huh?
Bunnelby's ears can do
lots of great things.
[grunting]
You're still fine,
aren't you, buddy?
‐ Pika‐pika.
‐ Awesome.
Now use Iron Tail!
[grunting]
Look at that. Pikachu knows
a steel‐type move.
Use your ears and catch it!
[grunting]
Pika‐pika.
‐ No.
‐ It worked, like it should!
Yeah, it was good that you
caught it but now
'it's too bad
you can't use your ears.'
[gasping]
You're strong alright,
but you can't move anymore.
Electro Ball!
[grunting]
Oh wow, Ash and Pikachu
are pretty amazing.
[Clemont thinking]
Hm. By battling him,
I understand him even better.
Use Quick Attack!
Heads up, Bunnelby.
[panting]
[gasps]
[all gasping]
‐ Are you okay, Pikachu!?
‐ Pikachu.
Alright! What do you think
you're doing?
‐ That was dangerous!
‐ Who are you?
Prepare for trouble,
our middle name!
And make it double,
it's a high‐stakes game!
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love!
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
Surrender now or prepare
to fight, fight and fight!
Meowth is right.
[wailing]
Team Rocket!
‐ You would follow us here.
‐ Wait, do you know them?
I've never seen
a talking Meowth before!
That's incredible!
Wait, those are a group
of really bad guys
who are always trying
to take my Pikachu.
Excuse me, Twerp,
but you're selling us short.
Catching Pikachu is but
one of our numerous
yet glorious goals!
The rest of them include the
confiscation of all the strong
and rare Pokemon in Kalos.
Forming a formidable
Pokemon army is inevitable.
But catching Pikachu
is job one.
There's no better way for us
to begin our Kalos kingdom.
[wailing]
And I'll take the one
with the ears.
[gasping]
Like that's gonna happen.
I will not sit idly by
and let you steal
other people's Pokemon.
That's right! Who do you think
you are, anyway?
Team Rocket, that's who!
Alright, Pikachu!
Use Thunderbolt!
Pikachu!
Wobbuffet, time to shine!
[wailing]
Hey, that's Mirror Coat!
[grunts]
Pikachu!
[grunting]
Hey buddy, are you okay?
‐ Pika.
‐ Poor Pikachu.
Excellent. I give you an eleven!
[wailing]
‐ Oh.
‐ We'd better retreat!
Using Mirror Coat
reflects special attacks
with double the power.
We can't withstand
that kind of strength.
We've always stood up to them
before, and we always will.
As long as Pikachu is okay
long as Pikachu
doesn't give up
I'll be right here,
battling to the end!
Pikachu!
[gasping]
All you'll end up
with are reruns.
Now, Pikachu, Electro Ball!
Pik.
Pika, pika, pika, pikachu.
We'll help you out, too!
Bunnelby, use Mud Shot!
[grunts]
You're on, Wobbuffet!
[wailing]
It dodged them all.
Uh oh.
Pikachu.
[grunting]
Pikachu!
You okay, Pikachu?
‐ What's that?
‐ A Pokemon.
[groaning]
‐ It's a Froakie!
‐ Froakie!
(Clemont)
'It's a Water type Pokemon new
Trainers can get in Kalos.'
'So that Electro Ball
must have done lots of damage.'
Are you okay, Froakie?
So where is its Trainer?
[gasping]
Where's Froakie going?
[croaking]
(Jessie)
'What's with the yapping?'
I think Froakie
wants to help us.
[groaning]
Uh, Froakie's saying bad guys
rub it the wrong way!
You can't take them on
if you've been hurt! Stop!
Woah.
Froakie!
[groaning]
Wow, Froakie just
used its Frubbles!
Big whoop! We'll just send
that right back at you!
[wailing]
‐ What's this?
‐ I can't get this gunk off!
How come it didn't bounce back?
Of course!
Froakie's gummy Frubbles
isn't a move
so Wobbuffet's Mirror Coat was
completely ineffective!
Awesome, Froakie, way to go!
Pikachu and I
can take it from here.
We'll lend a hand, too!
Bunnelby.
You guys better
not forget about me!
Now, Bunnelby, use Dig!
[indistinct shouting]
Yeah! Way to go!
Nice work, Bunnelby!
[grunting]
Let's wrap this up!
Pikachu, Thunderbolt, go!
[grunting]
We're blasting off again.
Wow! Awesome power!
Thanks, everybody!
Bunnelby, you were just great!
[groaning]
Froakie!
Something's wrong!
‐ Uh, Froakie.
‐ Froakie needs help right away.
Is there a Pokemon Center?
Well from here,
I'm trying to think.
I think it would be whole
a lot quicker if we brought
Froakie to
the Professor's lab instead.
The Professor?
Yeah, Professor Sycamore's
research lab.
There's no doubt
he'll know how to help Froakie!
Alright, Bunnelby, return!
Thanks a lot!
You really helped out!
Come on Ash, this way!
I'm coming, Bonnie!
Just hang in there, Froakie!
You're gonna be feeling
all better really soon!
(narrator)
A new region! New Pokemon!
New friends!
And this is only the beginning
of Ash and Pikachu's
exciting new adventures,
as the journey continues!